Fix code samples in the README.md (#42)
wso2-ballerina/module-consul: consul/Module.md

Register services in Consul with the given `jsonPayload`.
```ballerina

> json jsonPayload = {"ID":"redis", "Name":"redis1", "Address":"localhost", "port":8000, "EnableTagOverride":false};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
json jsonPayload = { "ID": "redis", "Name": "redis1", "Address": "localhost", "port": 8000, "EnableTagOverride": false };
```

var serviceRegister = consulClient->registerService(jsonPayload);
if (serviceRegister is boolean) {
   io:println("Status of the service: ", serviceRegister);
} else {
   io:println("Error: ", <string>serviceRegister.detail().message);
}
```

Get the details of the service with the given `serviceName`.
```ballerina
var serviceDetails = consulClient->getService(serviceName);
if (serviceDetails is consul:CatalogService[]) {

>    io:println("Details of a particular service: ", serviceDetails);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   io:println("Details of the service: ", serviceDetails);
```

Why does `getService` return an array though? Isn't it details of a single service?

Author: As per the endpoint [1] and API doc [2], it is listing Nodes for Service as an array. 

[1] https://github.com/Biruntha/module-consul/blob/2e49ee51a6df6f188459849492b313307c9f4bbf/consul/consul_endpoint.bal#L80
[2] https://www.consul.io/api/catalog.html#list-nodes-for-service

} else {
   io:println("Error: ", <string>serviceDetails.detail().message);
}
```

Register a check in Consul with the given `jsonCheck`.
```ballerina
var checkRegister = consulClient->registerCheck(jsonCheck);
if (checkRegister is boolean) {

>    io:println("Status of the check: ", checkRegister);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   io:println("Status of the check registration: ", checkRegister);
```

We may also have to rename the variable to something like `checkRegistrationResponse`

} else {
   io:println("Error: ", <string>checkRegister.detail().message);
}
```

Get the details of checks with the given `state`.
```ballerina
var checkDetails = consulClient->getCheckByState(state);
if (checkDetails is consul:HealthCheck[]) {

>    io:println("Details of the  passing/critical state checks: ", checkDetails);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   io:println("Details of checks by state: ", checkDetails);
```

Reviewer: Same comment as others for variable name, please check all names.

} else {
   io:println("Error: ", <string>checkDetails.detail().message);
}
```

Create the entry in Consul with the given `keyName` and `value`.
```ballerina
var keyRegister = consulClient->createKey(keyName, value);
if (keyRegister is boolean) {

>    io:println("Status of the key: ", keyRegister);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   io:println("Status of the key creation: ", keyRegister);
```

} else {
   io:println("Error: ", <string>keyRegister.detail().message);
}
```

Read the key in Consul with the given `key`.
```ballerina
var keyValue = consulClient->readKey(key);
if (keyValue is consul:Value[]) {

>    io:println("Details of a particular key: ", keyValue);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   io:println("Details of the key: ", keyValue);
```

} else {
   io:println("Error: ", <string>keyValue.detail().message);
}
```

Deregister services with the given `serviceId`.
```ballerina
var serviceDeregister = consulClient->deregisterService(serviceId);
if (serviceDeregister is boolean) {

>    io:println("Status of the service: ", serviceDeregister);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   io:println("Status of service deregistration: ", serviceDeregister);
```

} else {
   io:println("Error: ", <string>serviceDeregister.detail().message);
}
```

Deregister checks with the given `checkId`.
```ballerina
var checkDeregister = consulClient->deregisterCheck(checkId);
if (checkDeregister is boolean) {

>    io:println("Status of the check: ", checkDeregister);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   io:println("Status of the check deregistration: ", checkDeregister);
```

} else {
   io:println("Error: ", <string>checkDeregister.detail().message);
}
```

Delete entries with the given `keyName`.
```ballerina
var deleteKey = consulClient->deleteKey(keyName);
if (deleteKey is boolean) {

>    io:println("Status of the key: ", deleteKey);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   io:println("Status of the key deletion: ", deleteKey);
```
